political_decisions = {

native_protection_act = {
		picture = "add_accepted"
		potential = {
			capital_scope = { continent = africa }
		NOT = { has_country_modifier = apartheid }
			OR = {
			is_culture_group = african_diaspora_cultures
				is_culture_group = african
							}
			NOT = { has_country_flag = native_protection_act_enacted }
			any_owned_province = {
				any_core = {
					any_pop = {
						OR = {
has_pop_culture = sudanese
has_pop_culture = akan	
has_pop_culture = bambara 
has_pop_culture = black_muslim 	
has_pop_culture = dyula 
has_pop_culture = edo 
has_pop_culture = ewe 	
has_pop_culture = fon	
has_pop_culture = fula	
has_pop_culture = fulbe 	
has_pop_culture = gur	
has_pop_culture = hausa 	
has_pop_culture = ibibio 	
has_pop_culture = ibo 	
has_pop_culture = ijaw 	
has_pop_culture = itsekari 	
has_pop_culture = jola 	
has_pop_culture = kru 	
has_pop_culture = mande 	
has_pop_culture = mossi 	
has_pop_culture = nupe 	
has_pop_culture = nyakole 	
has_pop_culture = senufo 	
has_pop_culture = soga 	
has_pop_culture = songhai 	
has_pop_culture = soussou 	
has_pop_culture = tiv 	
has_pop_culture = toubou 	
has_pop_culture = tuareg 	
has_pop_culture = wolof 	
has_pop_culture = yoruba 	
has_pop_culture = zaghawa 	
has_pop_culture = zarma 	
has_pop_culture = african_minor 	
has_pop_culture = bakongo 	
has_pop_culture = balanta 	
has_pop_culture = banda 	
has_pop_culture = baya_mandjia 	
has_pop_culture = bemba 	
has_pop_culture = biko 	
has_pop_culture = chokwe 	
has_pop_culture = comore 	
has_pop_culture = damara 	
has_pop_culture = fang 	
has_pop_culture = ga_adangbe 	
has_pop_culture = ganda 	
has_pop_culture = ganguela 	
has_pop_culture = igbo 	
has_pop_culture = iteso 	
has_pop_culture = kabye 	
has_pop_culture = kalenjin 
has_pop_culture = kamba 	
has_pop_culture = kanem_bornou 	
has_pop_culture = kanuri 	
has_pop_culture = kavango 	
has_pop_culture = kiga 
has_pop_culture = kimbundu 	
has_pop_culture = kisii 	
has_pop_culture = kpelle 	
has_pop_culture = kuba 	
has_pop_culture = langi 	
has_pop_culture = lendu 
has_pop_culture = lingala 
has_pop_culture = lozi 
has_pop_culture = luba 
has_pop_culture = luhya 
has_pop_culture = lunda 
has_pop_culture = mayo_kebbi 
has_pop_culture = baguirmi
has_pop_culture = mbaka 
has_pop_culture = mbochi 
has_pop_culture = mende 
has_pop_culture = merida 
has_pop_culture = mongo 
has_pop_culture = mushunguli 
has_pop_culture = ndau 
has_pop_culture = ovambo 
has_pop_culture = sangha 
has_pop_culture = sara 
has_pop_culture = teda 
has_pop_culture = voltaic 
has_pop_culture = afar 
has_pop_culture = amhara 
has_pop_culture = azande 
has_pop_culture = bari 
has_pop_culture = beja 
has_pop_culture = dinka 
has_pop_culture = fur 
has_pop_culture = hadjarai 
has_pop_culture = hutu 
has_pop_culture = kikuyu 
has_pop_culture = luo 
has_pop_culture = maasai 
has_pop_culture = makonde 
has_pop_culture = meru 
has_pop_culture = nuba 
has_pop_culture = nuer 
has_pop_culture = oromo 
has_pop_culture = shilluk 
has_pop_culture = somali 
has_pop_culture = nyamwezi 
has_pop_culture = sukuma 
has_pop_culture = swahili 
has_pop_culture = teke 
has_pop_culture = temne 
has_pop_culture = tigray 
has_pop_culture = tigre 
has_pop_culture = tsonga 
has_pop_culture = tuposa 
has_pop_culture = tutsi 
has_pop_culture = chewa 
has_pop_culture = coloured 
has_pop_culture = herero 
has_pop_culture = khoisan 
has_pop_culture = lomwe 
has_pop_culture = makua 
has_pop_culture = nama 
has_pop_culture = nguni 
has_pop_culture = ovimbundu 
has_pop_culture = sena
has_pop_culture = sepedi
has_pop_culture = serer 
has_pop_culture = shona
has_pop_culture = sotho 
has_pop_culture = swazi
has_pop_culture = tonga 
has_pop_culture = tswana 
has_pop_culture = venda
has_pop_culture = xhosa
has_pop_culture = yao	
has_pop_culture = zulu
						}
					}
				}
			}
		}
	
		allow = {
			war = no

			NOT = { citizenship_policy = residency }
			NOT = { government = nationalist_dictatorship }

			election = no

			NOT = { ruling_party_ideology = nationalist }
			NOT = { ruling_party_ideology = traditionalist }

		}
		
		effect = {

clr_country_flag = native_discrimination_act_enacted
			
			set_country_flag = native_protection_act_enacted
			random_owned = {
				limit = { continent = africa }
				owner = {
					any_pop = { limit = { NOT = { is_culture_group = african } }
						scaled_militancy = { factor = 3 ideology = nationalist }
						scaled_consciousness = { factor = 3 ideology = conservative }
					}
					
					any_pop = { limit = { is_culture_group = african }
						consciousness = 4
						militancy = -2
						dominant_issue = { factor = 0.5 value = full_citizenship }
					}
				}
			}
			
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = sudanese } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = sudanese } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = sudanese }
			}	
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = akan } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = akan } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = akan }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = bambara } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = bambara } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = bambara }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = black_muslim  } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = black_muslim  } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = black_muslim  } 
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = dyula } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = dyula } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = dyula } 
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = edo } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = edo } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = edo } 
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = ewe } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = ewe } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = ewe } 
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = fon } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = fon } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = fon }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = fula } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = fula } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = fula }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = fulbe } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = fulbe } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = fulbe }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = gur } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = gur } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = gur }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = hausa } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = hausa } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = hausa }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = ibibio } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = ibibio } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = ibibio }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = ibo } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = ibo } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = ibo }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = ijaw } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = ijaw } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = ijaw }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = itsekari } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = itsekari } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = itsekari }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = jola } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = jola } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = jola }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = kru } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = kru } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = kru }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = mande } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = mande } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = mande }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = mossi } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = mossi } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = mossi }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = nupe } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = nupe } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = nupe }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = nyakole } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = nyakole } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = nyakole }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = senufo } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = senufo } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = senufo }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = soga } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = soga } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = soga }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = songhai } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = songhai } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = songhai }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = soussou } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = soussou } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = soussou }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = tiv } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = tiv } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = tiv }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = toubou } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = toubou } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = toubou }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = tuareg } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = tuareg } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = tuareg }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = wolof } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = wolof } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = wolof }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = yoruba } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = yoruba } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = yoruba }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = zaghawa } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = zaghawa } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = zaghawa }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = zarma } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = zarma } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = zarma }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = african_minor } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = african_minor } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = african_minor }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = bakongo } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = bakongo } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = bakongo }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = balanta } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = balanta } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = balanta }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = banda } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = banda } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = banda }
			}

			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = baya_mandjia } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = baya_mandjia } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = baya_mandjia }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = bemba } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = bemba } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = bemba }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = biko } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = biko } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = biko }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = chokwe } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = chokwe } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = chokwe }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = damara } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = damara } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = damara }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = comore } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = comore } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = comore }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = fang } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = fang } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = fang }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = ga_adangbe } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = ga_adangbe } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = ga_adangbe }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = ganda } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = ganda } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = ganda }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = ganguela } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = ganguela } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = ganguela }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = igbo } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = igbo } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = igbo }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = iteso } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = iteso } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = iteso }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = kabye } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = kabye } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = kabye }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = kalenjin } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = kalenjin } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = kalenjin }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = kamba } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = kamba } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = kamba }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = kanem_bornou } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = kanem_bornou } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = kanem_bornou }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = kanuri } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = kanuri } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = kanuri }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = kavango } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = kavango } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = kavango }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = kiga } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = kiga } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = kiga }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = kimbundu } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = kimbundu } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = kimbundu }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = kisii } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = kisii } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = kisii }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = kpelle } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = kpelle } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = kpelle }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = kuba } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = kuba } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = kuba }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = langi } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = langi } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = langi }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = lendu } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = lendu } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = lendu }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = lingala } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = lingala } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = lingala }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = lozi } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = lozi } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = lozi }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = luba } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = luba } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = luba }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = luhya } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = luhya } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = luhya }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = lunda } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = lunda } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = lunda }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = mayo_kebbi } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = mayo_kebbi } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = mayo_kebbi }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = baguirmi } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = baguirmi } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = baguirmi }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = mbaka } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = mbaka } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = mbaka }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = mbochi } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = mbochi } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = mbochi }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = mende } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = mende } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = mende }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = merida } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = merida } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = merida }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = mongo } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = mongo } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = mongo }
			}


			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = mushunguli } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = mushunguli } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = mushunguli }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = ndau } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = ndau } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = ndau }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = ovambo } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = ovambo } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = ovambo }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = sangha } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = sangha } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = sangha }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = sara } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = sara  } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = sara }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = teda } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = teda } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = teda }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = voltaic } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = voltaic } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = voltaic }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = afar } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = afar } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = afar }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = amhara } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = amhara } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = amhara }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = azande } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = azande } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = azande }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = bari } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = bari } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = bari }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = beja } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = beja } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = beja }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = dinka } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = dinka } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = dinka }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = fur } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = fur } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = fur }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = hadjarai } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = hadjarai } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = hadjarai }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = hutu } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = hutu } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = hutu }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = kikuyu } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = kikuyu } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = kikuyu }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = luo } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = luo } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = luo }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = maasai } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = maasai } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = maasai }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = makonde } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = makonde } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = makonde }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = meru } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = meru } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = meru }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = nuba } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = nuba } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = nuba }
			}






			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = nuer  } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = nuer  } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = nuer  }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = oromo } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = oromo } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = oromo }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = shilluk } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = shilluk } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = shilluk }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = somali } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = somali } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = somali }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = nyamwezi } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = nyamwezi } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = nyamwezi }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = sukuma } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = sukuma } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = sukuma }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = swahili } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = swahili } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = swahili }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = teke } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = teke } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = teke }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = temne } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = temne } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = temne }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = tigray } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = tigray } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = tigray }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = tigre } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = tigre } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = tigre }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = tsonga } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = tsonga } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = tsonga }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = tuposa } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = tuposa } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = tuposa }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = tutsi } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = tutsi} } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = tutsi }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = chewa } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = chewa } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = chewa }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = coloured } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = coloured } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = coloured }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = herero } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = herero } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = herero }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = khoisan } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = khoisan } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = khoisan }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = lomwe } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = lomwe } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = lomwe }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = makua } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = makua } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = makua }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = nama } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = nama } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = nama }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = nguni } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = nguni } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = nguni }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = ovimbundu } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = ovimbundu } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = ovimbundu }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = sena } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = sena } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = sena }
			}
			random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = sepedi } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = sepedi } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = sepedi }
			}


		random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = serer } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = serer } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = serer }
			}
		random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = shona } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = shona } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = shona }
			}
		random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = sotho } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = sotho } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = sotho }
			}
		random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = swazi } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = swazi } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = swazi }
			}
		random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = tonga } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = tonga } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = tonga }
			}
		random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = tswana } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = tswana } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = tswana }
			}
		random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = venda } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = venda } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = venda }
			}
		random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = xhosa } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = xhosa } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = xhosa }
			}
		random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = yao } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = yao } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = yao }
			}
		random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = zulu } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = zulu } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = zulu }
			}
random_owned = {
				limit = { is_core = THIS any_pop = { has_pop_culture = arab } NOT = { owner = { accepted_culture = arab } } }
				owner = { add_accepted_culture = arab }
			}		
		}
		ai_will_do = {
			factor = 1
		}
	}

}
